[EN] add Pod (#2001)
cncf/glossary: content/en/pod.md

---
title: Pod
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
tags: ["infrastructure", "fundamental", ""]
---

## What it is

> Within the [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/) environment, a pod acts as the most basic deployable unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/) environment, a pod acts as the most basic deployable unit.
```

Each pod contains a single application instance and can hold one or more [containers](/container/).
Kubernetes manages pods as part of a larger deployment and can scale pods [vertically](/vertical-scaling/) or [horizontally](/horizontal-scaling/) up and down.

> ## Problem it addresses

Reviewer 2: I don't the problem description is accurate enough here. I personally don't see how the concept of a pod would help with managing and configuring additional resources and services for containers. 

That is why the how it helps section is not accurate enough either. We need to restart refining the problem section first. 
IMHO the concept of a pod solves the problem of **managing two or more processes that are highly related to each other in terms of lifecycle** and maybe also use case/business logic. Example: nodejs application and Traefik server or sidecar. Without pod as a concept, you would have to manage the containers independently of each other.

There maybe other problems it tries to solve, but I think grouping similar stuff together and configure and handle it as a unit is the most important one. But I am open to here what @jihoon-seo  @seokho-son  @nate-double-u and @idvoretskyi think about that :)

Reviewer 3: IMO the template used in this PR ('What it is', 'Problem it addresses', 'How it helps') might be not suitable for the term 'Pod'. If so, then we might use other template that has no separating section, like what used in the term '[Abstraction](https://glossary.cncf.io/abstraction/)' or '[Autoscaling](https://glossary.cncf.io/auto-scaling/)'.

Reviewer: Hmm...I think I disagree, Jihoon. Abstraction and autoscaling are properties (actually, abstraction is a noun, but it refers to parts of the system that are abstracted from one another), and so is the ability to autoscale.

A pod is just like a container, a thing that was created to solve a particular challenge.

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/cncf/glossary/pull/2001#discussion_r1238321887

> Containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, but applications need more than packaging to function as designed. 
> They often require additional resources and services, such as storage or networking, which must be managed and configured separately.
> 
> Pods provide a way to group and manage containers as a single unit, ensuring all the resources and services the app needs are available and configured correctly.

Reviewer 4: I agree with @iamNoah1 's comment! 
Following is my suggestion (example) to implement @iamNoah1 's comment, but please don't trust my English skill. :)

```suggestion
While containers themselves are individual entities that can act as units for running and controlling applications, there are many situations where multiple containers need to interact and be controlled in a tightly coupled manner. 
For instance, an auxiliary container can be used alongside each main application container to add additional functionalities or to set up global configurations. 
Examples of these include init containers that inject and apply basic settings to the application container, sidecar containers that handle network traffic routing for each application container, and containers that collect logs in conjunction with each container.

Managing these closely related containers individually can lead to redundancy in management tasks.
For example, an operator may have to repeatedly determine the placement of each related container, even though the operator already aware that those related containers should be placed on the same node.
Similarly, even though the lifecycles of these related containers need to be synchronized, they will be managed individually.

Therefore, to alleviate these management burdens and simplify usage, it is necessary to treat closely tied containers as a single integrated control entity.
```

---
title: Pod
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
tags: ["infrastructure", "fundamental", ""]
---

## What it is

> In [cloud native computing](/cloud-computing/), a "pod" is a basic building block for deploying and managing containerized applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pod is the smallest executable unit in [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/), representing an essential building block for deploying and managing containerized applications. 
```
It is very Kubernetes focused, so we should mention Kubernetes in the first sentence.

> A pod represents a single instance of an application, and can contain one or more [containers](/container/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each pod contains a single application instance and can hold one or more [containers](/container/).
```

> [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/) manages pods as part of a larger deployment, and can scale pods up or down depending on the application's resource requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes manages pods as part of a larger deployment and can scale pods up or down depending on the application's resource requirements.
```

Reviewer 2: I would like to keep the reference to the kubernetes term. What I don't really like is that we say `... depending on the application's resource requirements` It might be true but when we use the word resource here, it kind of implies that we are referring to vertical scaling where we scale up resources of the pod itself rather than scaling horizontally. My suggestion is either to explicitly say: `...and can scale pods up and down (vertical and horizontal) ....` maybe also add the references to the respective terms.

Reviewer: I removed the link to Kubernetes because I linked to it in the first sentence already. Updated the language based on your comment.

## Problem it addresses

> Containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, but they can't do everything on their own. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, but applications need more than packaging to function as designed. 
```

> Applications often require additional resources and services, such as storage or networking, which need to be managed and configured separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They often require additional resources and services, such as storage or networking, which must be managed and configured separately.
```

> This is where pods come in. A pod provides a way to group containers together and manage them as a single unit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pods provide a way to group and manage containers as a single unit, ensuring all the resources and services the app needs are available and configured correctly.
```

> This makes it easier to ensure that all the resources and services in application needs are available and configured correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## How it helps

> Isolation: Each pod has its own isolated environment, including its own network stack and file system. This ensures that containers in the same pod can't interfere with each other, and helps maintain security and stability.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this. Do you mean each pod is an isolated environment? If so, how does that ensure containers in the same pod don't interfere with each other? Containers are isolated environments that ensure the business logic it contains is isolated. A pod bundles these containers together...and I assume isolates them from the rest of the app.

Reviewer 3: > Each pod has its own isolated environment, including its own network stack and file system.

-> okay..

> This ensures that containers in the same pod can't interfere with each other, and helps maintain security and stability.

-> I don't think so. Containers in the same pod share the same storage and network context (which is intentional), and they can (and will) interact with each other via various methods, where one of them might be using the shared storage/network context.

> Resource sharing: Containers in the same pod can share resources, such as CPU and memory, which allows for efficient use of resources.

Reviewer: As far as I know, code in containers is oblivious of other code it shares resources with (similar to VMs). What I assume can happen here is that operators set resource limits per pod that are then shared among all containers (?)

Reviewer 5: I think you're correct @CathPag, containers in a pod share resources, but each container within a pod can have their own limits

> Simplified management: Pods make it easier to manage groups of containers as a single unit, rather than managing each container individually. 

Reviewer: I think pods allow us to manage a group of tightly related containers as a unit. For instance, a sidecar container must be next to the "regular" container. To function correctly, they need to be together. Same thing for any other resource that is shipped in a pod. While we want them to be isolated, they can't be separated.

Reviewer 2: Agreed

This can simplify deployment, scaling, and monitoring of applications.

> Portability: Pods can be easily moved between different hosts or cloud providers, which allows for greater flexibility and portability of applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since pods are isolated environments, they are [portable](/portability/). Meaning, they can be easily moved between hosts and/or cloud providers, providing operators with flexibility. 
```

Reviewer 2: tbh I don't know if we want to say this. We are comparing pods to containers to show the advantage of pods over containers. But is the portability aspect not also true for containers?! ... Also I don't think that pods can be easily moved between cloud providers and hosts, they can be moved between k8s nodes.

Reviewer: What should we say? I removed host and cloud provider.

Reviewer 5: I agree - I'm not sure pods are exactly easily movable (you can move them, but there's downtime involved). Would it be better to discuss workloads in this context? (or would that introduce another concept that we may not want to bring up here...)

Reviewer: Ok, so we just remove the sentence?

---
title: Pod
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
tags: ["infrastructure", "fundamental", ""]
---

## What it is

> A pod is the smallest executable unit in [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/), representing an essential building block for deploying and managing containerized applications. 

Reviewer 5: The first part of this sentence is very similar to the first part of the Pod description from cloudnowtech.com https://www.cloudnowtech.com/blog/kubernetes-101-introduction-glossary-benefits/

```suggestion
Within the [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/) environment, a pod acts as the most basic deployable unit.
It represents an essential building block for deploying and managing containerized applications.
```

Each pod contains a single application instance and can hold one or more [containers](/container/).

> Kubernetes manages pods as part of a larger deployment and can scale pods [vertically](/vertical-scaling/) or [horizontally](/horizontal-scaling/) up and down.

Reviewer 5: Removing "up and down" as that seems to refer specifically to vertical scaling
```suggestion
Kubernetes manages pods as part of a larger deployment and can scale pods [vertically](/vertical-scaling/) or [horizontally](/horizontal-scaling/) as needed.
```

Reviewer 4: +1, let me apply your suggestion.

## Problem it addresses

> While containers generally act as independent units that run and control a certain workload, 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
While containers generally act as independent units that run and control a particular workload, 
```

there are cases when containers need to interact and be controlled in a tightly coupled manner. 

> Managing these closely related containers individually would lead to management task redundancies.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If each of these closely related containers were managed individually, it would lead to redundant management tasks.
```

Reviewer 4: +1 ! Thanks.

For example, the operator would have to repeatedly determine the placement of related containers to ensure they remain together.
And although the lifecycles of these related containers need to be synchronized, they can only be managed individually.  

## How it helps

Pods bundle closely tied containers into a single unit, significantly simplifying container operations.
For instance, auxiliary containers are often used alongside the main container to add additional functionalities or to set up global configurations. 
Examples include containers that inject and apply basic settings to the main container, 
_sidecar_ (containers) that handle network traffic routing for the main container (see [service mesh](/service-mesh/)), 
or containers collecting logs in conjunction with each container.

> Memory and CPU allocation can be defined either on a pod level, allowing the containers inside to share resources in a flexible way, or per container. 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 5: No need for the extra blank lines at the end.
```suggestion
Memory and CPU allocation can be defined either on a pod level, allowing the containers inside to share resources in a flexible way, or per container.
```

---
title: Pod
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
tags: ["infrastructure", "fundamental", ""]
---

## What it is

A pod is the smallest executable unit in [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/), representing an essential building block for deploying and managing containerized applications. 
Each pod contains a single application instance and can hold one or more [containers](/container/).
Kubernetes manages pods as part of a larger deployment and can scale pods [vertically](/vertical-scaling/) or [horizontally](/horizontal-scaling/) up and down.

## Problem it addresses

> While containers generally act as independent units that run and control a certain workload, there are cases when containers need to interact and be controlled in a tightly coupled manner. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While containers generally act as independent units that run and control a certain workload, 
there are cases when containers need to interact and be controlled in a tightly coupled manner. 
```

Managing these closely related containers individually would lead to management task redundancies.

> For example, the operator would have to repeatedly determine the placement of related containers to ensure they remain together, even though they already specified it during the initial setup.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the operator would have to repeatedly determine the placement of related containers to ensure they remain together.
```

Find the last part bit confusing.

And although the lifecycles of these related containers need to be synchronized, they can only be managed individually.  

> Pods bundle closely tied containers into a single unit, significantly simplifying container operations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is already describing how it helps.

## How it helps

> Pods allow operators to group containers with dependencies and manage them as one unit. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pods bundle closely tied containers into a single unit, significantly simplifying container operations.
```
replacing with the sentence from above, because sounds more neat :)

For instance, auxiliary containers are often used alongside the main container to add additional functionalities or to set up global configurations. 

> Examples include containers that inject and apply basic settings to the main container, _sidecar_ (containers) that handle network traffic routing for the main container (see [service mesh](/service-mesh/)), or containers collecting logs in conjunction with each container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples include containers that inject and apply basic settings to the main container, 
_sidecar_ (containers) that handle network traffic routing for the main container (see [service mesh](/service-mesh/)), 
or containers collecting logs in conjunction with each container.
```
Adding semantic line breaks

> Operators can also set per-pod resource limits, allowing services within a pod to share resources but to limit (without taking away resources from other pods). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Memory and CPU allocation can be defined either on a pod level, allowing the containers inside to share resources in a flexible way, or per container. 
```
Not sure if the fact that defining resources on a pod level does not take away resources from other pods is relevant here.

> Simplified management: Pods make it easier to manage groups of containers as a single unit, rather than managing each container individually. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We said that already

> This can simplify deployment, scaling, and monitoring of applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is somehow to vague IMHO

> Overall, pods are a key concept in Kubernetes, and provide a powerful tool for deploying and managing containerized applications in a scalable and efficient way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This doesn't really say something, thus does not add any value to understanding the term.

---
title: Pod
status: Feedback Appreciated
category: concept
tags: ["infrastructure", "fundamental", ""]
---

## What it is

A pod is the smallest executable unit in [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/), representing an essential building block for deploying and managing containerized applications. 
Each pod contains a single application instance and can hold one or more [containers](/container/).
Kubernetes manages pods as part of a larger deployment and can scale pods [vertically](/vertical-scaling/) or [horizontally](/horizontal-scaling/) up and down.

## Problem it addresses

> While containers themselves are individual entities that can act as units for running and controlling applications, there are many situations where multiple containers need to interact and be controlled in a tightly coupled manner. 

Reviewer 4: In Kubernetes, a `Service` is an object for exposing a network to one or more Pods. (little bit different concept with the general term `service` used in a business) 
Some readers may be confused if we mention service here. So, I prefer not to introduce the term here. I guess we can replace it with `application` or change the sentence. (we sometimes use a term such as application container)

I am fine with the other enhancements ! :)

> For instance, auxiliary containers are often used alongside the main container to add additional functionalities or to set up global configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Moved this to how it helps

> Examples include containers that inject and apply basic settings to the main container, _sidecar_ (containers) that handle network traffic routing for the main container (see [service mesh](/service-mesh/)), or containers collecting logs in conjunction with each container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Moved this to how it helps

> Examples of these include init containers that inject and apply basic settings to the application container, sidecar containers that handle network traffic routing for each application container, and containers that collect logs in conjunction with each container.

Reviewer 4: @CathPag 
Previously I included init (initialization) container as a general term, but I realized that readers may assume it as the [init container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) used in Kubernetes.

I think we don't have to introduce additional difficult concept [init container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) here. 
How about neutralizing it? :)

```suggestion
Examples include containers that inject and apply basic settings to the main container, _sidecar_ (containers) that handle network traffic routing for the main container (see [service mesh](/service-mesh/)), or containers collecting logs in conjunction with each container.
```

Managing these closely related containers individually can lead to redundancy in management tasks.
For example, an operator may have to repeatedly determine the placement of each related container, even though the operator already aware that those related containers should be placed on the same node.
Similarly, even though the lifecycles of these related containers need to be synchronized, they will be managed individually.

> Therefore, to alleviate these management burdens and simplify usage, it is necessary to treat closely tied containers as a single integrated control entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pods bundle closely tied containers into a single unit, significantly simplifying container operations. 
```

## How it helps

> Isolation: Each pod has its own isolated environment, including its own network stack and file system. This ensures that containers in the same pod can't interfere with each other, and helps maintain security and stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pods allow operators to group containers with dependencies and manage them as one unit. 
For instance, auxiliary containers are often used alongside the main container to add additional functionalities or to set up global configurations. 
Examples include containers that inject and apply basic settings to the main container, _sidecar_ (containers) that handle network traffic routing for the main container (see [service mesh](/service-mesh/)), or containers collecting logs in conjunction with each container.
```
Updated copy + moved one section from the problem it addresses to how it helps

> Resource sharing: Containers in the same pod can share resources, such as CPU and memory, which allows for efficient use of resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators can also set per-pod resource limits, allowing services within a pod to share resources but to limit (without taking away resources from other pods). 
```
